Added toDegrees doc (#1078)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/math-methods/terms/toDegrees/toDegrees.md

> ---

Reviewer: @sotiriszogos please review the content standards [here](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/content-standards.md) and the term entry template [here](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/term-entry-template.md) to properly add metadata to this entry. You can also look at the source of any of the existing term entries to get an idea of what we're looking for.

Title: '.toDegrees()'

> Description: 'It returns the measurement of the angle x in degrees.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the measurement in degrees of an angle given in radians.'
```

---

> The **`Math.toDegrees()`** method is a built-in math function in java which is used to convert an angle measured in radians to an approximately equivalent angle measured in degrees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.toDegrees()`** method is a built-in math function in Java which is used to convert an angle measured in radians to an approximately equivalent angle measured in degrees.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
Math.toDegrees(double x)
```

The return type of the `.toDegrees()` method is a double. The data type of the `x` parameter is also a double.

Some edge cases for the `.toDegrees()` method include the following:

- If the argument is `NaN`, this method will return `NaN`.
- If the argument is `zero`, this method will return `zero` with the same sign as the argument.
- If the argument is `infinity`, this method will return `infinity` with the same sign as the argument.

## Example

> The following example showcases the `.toDegrees()` method being applied to two variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates the `.toDegrees()` method being applied to two variables:
```

---
Title: '.toDegrees()'

> Description: 'Returns the measurement in degrees of an angle in radians.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns an angle measurement converted from radians to degrees.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Numbers'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.toDegrees()`** method is a built-in math function in Java which is used to convert an angle measured in radians to an approximately equivalent angle measured in degrees.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.toDegrees()`** method converts an angle, measured in radians, to an approximately equivalent angle, measured in degrees.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> Math.toDegrees(double x)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Math.toDegrees(angle)
```

```

> The return type of the `.toDegrees()` method is a double. The data type of the `x` parameter is also a double.

Reviewer 3: "double" is a keyword in Java. It should be surrounded with backticks like so: `double`.

> The return type of the `.toDegrees()` method is a `double`. The data type of the `x` parameter is also a `double`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data type of the `angle` parameter and return value of the `.toDegrees()` method is a `double`.
```

Some edge cases for the `.toDegrees()` method include the following:

- If the argument is `NaN`, this method will return `NaN`.
- If the argument is `zero`, this method will return `zero` with the same sign as the argument.
- If the argument is `infinity`, this method will return `infinity` with the same sign as the argument.

## Example

The following example demonstrates the `.toDegrees()` method being applied to two variables:

```java

> public class TestDegrees {
>   public static void main(String args[]) {
>        double x = 0.5235987756;
>        System.out.println(Math.toDegrees(x));
>        double y = 1.0471975512;
>        System.out.println(Math.toDegrees(y));
>    }
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
public class TestDegrees {
  public static void main(String args[]) {
    double x = 0.5235987756;
    System.out.println(Math.toDegrees(x));
    
    double y = 1.0471975512;
    System.out.println(Math.toDegrees(y));
  }
} 
```

```

This results in the following output:

> ```java

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```shell
```
